TARGET = Some("aarch64-apple-darwin")
OPT_LEVEL = Some("3")
HOST = Some("aarch64-apple-darwin")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXX_aarch64-apple-darwin
CXX_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXX_aarch64_apple_darwin
CXX_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CXX
HOST_CXX = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXX
CXX = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
DEBUG = Some("false")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXXFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CXXFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXXFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CXXFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CXXFLAGS
HOST_CXXFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXXFLAGS
CXXFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXX_aarch64-apple-darwin
CXX_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXX_aarch64_apple_darwin
CXX_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CXX
HOST_CXX = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXX
CXX = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXXFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CXXFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXXFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CXXFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CXXFLAGS
HOST_CXXFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXXFLAGS
CXXFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_aarch64-apple-darwin
AR_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_aarch64_apple_darwin
AR_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_AR
HOST_AR = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR
AR = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
ARFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
ARFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_ARFLAGS
HOST_ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS
ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rustc-link-lib=static=swiftdemangle
cargo:rustc-link-search=native=/Users/bobby/Desktop/bugsplat/node-dump-syms-2/target/release/build/symbolic-demangle-f0bee0f364a82760/out
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXXSTDLIB_aarch64-apple-darwin
CXXSTDLIB_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXXSTDLIB_aarch64_apple_darwin
CXXSTDLIB_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CXXSTDLIB
HOST_CXXSTDLIB = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CXXSTDLIB
CXXSTDLIB = None
cargo:rustc-link-lib=c++
